Name: Mark Alexander Lee
Github Repository: https://github.com/twebb20/cs302FinalProject

NOTICE: Unfortunately since our project team is using Unity we don't have our
code on Github because it's quite difficult to compile. Our TA said it's alright
to submit this project without that code since this is the case!

Rubric:
	- Install Unity software, join GitHub repo with other team members, and 
	  connect with team members on Unity platform (5 points)
	- Learn how to write C# scripts in Unity, and how to utilize Unity
	  functionality to make our game (10 points)
	- Meet with team members at least once to solidify game plan, schedule 
	  work load, and overall collaborate more effectively to streamline 
	  the development process (10 points)
	- My compliable task is to start development of game terrain and animations. 
	  More specifically, I should begin working on Level 2 (the others are
	  working on Level 1) and learn to manipulate movement and interactions of 
	  game elements (such as the player with doors, moving parts, etc.) (15 points)

Time Log:
	- In lab on Monday (3-25-19), I downloaded Unity on my laptop and joined 
	  the GitHub repo, and began playing around with the Unity software. I 
	  watched some tutorials on Youtube on how to create and manipulate 
	  objects in the game. I also communicated with my team members, in the
	  other section, about meeting with them on Thursday at 5. (2 hours 10 minutes)
	- In class on Thursday (3-28-19), I created level 2 and completed a lot of work
	  on the terrain. I also began researching how to animate lava and water, and
	  the C# logic required to make our 2D player "die" when he hits the lava.
	  (1 hour 40 minutes)
	- At 5:15 pm on Thursday I met with Bryce and Tyler in the Library to collectively
	  confirm our game plan and set up reasonable benchmarks. After we did so, I worked
	  on a problem Bryce was having with the cloud physics (our player is supposed to
	  jump on a moving cloud and move with it, but he kept sliding off). I managed to get
	  it partially fixed, but still need to work on the friction. When our meeting ended
	  we organized a future date to meet and agreed to put in work individually over the 
	  next couple days. (2 hours 20 minutes)

Time Total: 6 hours 10 minutes

Summary:
	I sucessfully met all of the rubric benchmarks for this week to a good extent. This 
challenge went well, because I learned a lot about Unity and our group made great progress
on our game. Thankfully Unity is fairly user-friendly, and the C# scripts are pretty easy
if you learn the syntax and know how to read the documentation of Unity functions. Tyler
and Bryce are really great teammates, and we work really well together. I honestly think
our game is going to be really good! We plan on having a fully-functioning 2D Mario-style
adventure game with at least 5 levels, enemies and armor and weapons, a simple shop system,
a working menu, good graphics and music/sound effects, and finally a good usage of a data
structure we have used in class! Right now we are hypothesizing using disjoint sets for
the player's items and armor, or a max heap to store high scores. Our plan is to have this
data structure implemented by the end of next week, along with at least 2 complete levels.
